Trash 1
first ads healers on toes as lots of
raid wide damage from the water Sprites
you will have to heal boss one karates
Boss 1
raid wide re agnosis boss will create a
clone of herself on the side of the
Arena head to the edge the Clone is on
to a wait a knb back flippers single
group stack Left Right Bank half Arena
AOE move to the opposite side of the
boss to the cast name hydrosis spread
markers group fan out to avoid getting
hit by two right on line AOE tank
Busters don't stand near or behind the
tanks terus platform will transform
leaving triangle patterns on the floor
blue triangles will expand to cover one
triangle section on the floor keep
moving into safe sections green
triangles will cover three triangle
floor sections Dodge accordingly Textra
tuous Cosmos a triangle will be
portioned off with light walls do not go
in it instead the walls will collapse
creating large AES in addition to the
base doing damage position beyond the
corner facing inwards on the
arena next you'll get two one position
similar to before and one with one side
facing inwards find the triangle
positioned as the first round position
the same as before but now move further
away to avoid the second triangle which
will send a line AOE through the center
rag on this petrine same clone mechanic
as before but this time there will also
be two orbs to look out for which will
result in only one lane being safe to be
knocked back in initially go to the
center of the side the Clone goes to
then adjust to where the free Lane
is heroglyph two safe spaces however all
the markers will rotate 90% in the
direction of the rotation indicators so
you have to envisage where the safe
spaces are after the rotation one free
SPAC is in the corner which will go to
the next Corner in the direction of the
rotation and one on the inner Lane which
will then be in the same spot on the
next Arena side in the direction of the
rotation you'll then get a second round
of the same but this time you'll get a
Right Left Bank which will resolve after
ideally you don't want to pick a safe
Square which will end up in the far side
of the arena in which the boss will do
the Left Right bank but if you do pop
Sprint and move
Boss 2
ASAP boss two Tempest raid wide
SE form spiral donut head under the boss
wind rose Chariot AOE under the boss
move away as soon as you see the cast
Navigator's Trident boss will signpost
two aoes one side quickly followed by
the other move away from the first side
indicated while staying close to the
center then quickly move to the other
side after it goes
off there'll then be a large Center Line
AOE stand close to the edge of the dark
ray Market ready to be knocked back so
surging wave stand on the edge of the
purple circle marker ready to be knock
back down the large Lane created by the
previous
mechanic run back to the boss as soon as
you're freed dodging the water bubbles
Sprint not required but handy if you're
slow Off the Mark left right straight
move to the opposite side of the boss to
the cast name Deep dive group stack
torrential Trident each will glow and
then explode in a large
AOE take note of the first and the Last
Stand on the last one to drop a little
away from the first one as soon as the
first one explodes move to where it was
then Dodge some small ground AES and
spread markers denzin of the deep water
effects on the outside of the Arena will
indicate two large Lanes which the
dragons will Dash through first avoid
while also moving away from the boss to
avoid the Windrose Chari
AOE quickly look for the same indicators
again for a second round of Dashers
which will be followed by a left right
straight plenty of time between there
then will be a third round in a
different pattern with just a few small
aoe's thrown into the mix after God's
Bane multiple raid wides Navigators
Trident 2 this time after the initial
one two aoe's there will also be Dragon
dashes which will catch many people out
to look out for which will mean only one
side of the large Center knockback is
safe also quickly followed by donut
under the boss this time when running
back to the boss you need to run from
side to side to avoid the three line
aoes as indicated by the
boss boss three sudden downpour raid
Boss 3
wide track shot boss will indicate the
ground AOE and also arrows showing his
movement which will change where the AOE
goes off from as it's a cone move back
to either side of where the arrows
finish reproduce same but the attack
done by the Clone still just move to the
sides of the final arrows position
Flinter phone group stack repeated aoes
soaring minuette quickly get behind the
boss the arrow large tank Busters
reproduce this time with two clones
identify where the two arrows finish and
simply go to the corner between them
downhill climbing shot head towards the
boss while identifying a safe spot
between the ground AES to we knock back
into lofty Peaks lots of raid wides pit
and pull head to either corner of the
Arena which doesn't have a chain in it
these
hurt altitude quickly identified a safe
spot and then run into it as long as you
remember it you'll have plenty of time
after the markers go wandering shot Dash
through the center and then a large AOE
on the side of the Arena the or is on
move to either corner on the opposite of
end of the Arena to the orb Arrow Trail
Boss will send repeated line aoes from
front to back of the Arena to Dodge
standing right at the back of the Arena
makes this much easier as you have more
time to position between
each downhill SL wandering volley
position to be knocked back from the
center dark red AOE however you need to
be on the opposite side of the Arena to
the wandering volley orb and you want to
position to be knocked back into the
spot between the aoes on the
edge final Trash Pack keep them as
Trash 2
centered as possible and be on your toes
to interrupt their casts as when three
are up there are very limited safe spots
to avoid their attacks boss four Dawn Of
Boss 4
Time raid wide first second sl3 form
each cast bar will have the bosses
animation indicating an incoming attack
arms at either side will indicate Arena
aoe's on that side or this circle
pattern will indicate a donut AOE to get
under the boss for at the same time
arrows on the ground will indicate the
boss's movement SL positioning for each
attack boss will be facing ing towards
each Light Beam for each of the
attacks so here we can expect donut
under the boss left cleave and then left
cleave again let's see that play
[Music]
out Sunbeam tank Busters everyone else
stay away the world huge raid wide loves
light full bright four moons
these will light up at descending speeds
stand on the side of the moon which
starts off the fullest and is filling
quickest away from the others once it
goes off rotate towards the other
moons solar fans avoid the initial line
ay then monitor the fire ORS which
rotate around the arena four times when
they stop they will create large aoes
reaching the
center once they stop move to the sides
without them staying close to the center
will ensure plenty of time to move when
they stop if you lose track hydrostasis
SL Time and Tide three sequential
knockbacks the one tether to the boss
will always change to the first one so
always initially move to the teed one
and position to be knocked back to the
one which is initially designated with
the single Diamond quickly adjust
between each knockback for the
next hero Gia SL hand of the Destroyer
floor rotation the same as the first
boss this time the boss is Left Right
attack is indicated by the orange and
blue orbs near its head this time try to
ensure you don't end up on the Square on
the far edge of the side with the blue
orb as that side we'll get the half
Arena AOE matron breath the balls on the
light beams indicate the order they will
go off in being the same color ground
circles as they go off switching as
needed torrential Trident again position
at the last one that lands and then
quickly move to the first after it goes
off destructive Vault group stack by got
strike position at the blue circle to be
knocked back but be aware of the four
conies indicated on the boss which will
go off from the position of the blue
circle so position to be knocked back at
intercardinal relative to where the boss
lands thousand folds thrust half Arena
Ry get behind where the target markers
are
converging As Above So Below SL climbing
shot the blue and orange circles will
indicate lines of a
in the arrow directions the colors
opposite to the color of the sky on the
outside of the Arena are safe so if it's
orange like this position to be knock
back into the blue AOE Lanes sain
minuette get behind the boss and finally
udia lots and lots of raid wides all
done that was a blast absolutely
stunning raid let me know in the
comments what you think like And
subscribe to complete the
duty
