hi everyone welcome to the visual guide
for the tower of zot this is the first
new leveling dungeon made available
through the msq in final fantasy xiv and
walker some of the mechanics encountered
here may be confusing but before they
make you go berserk and force you to
stop playing let's break them down into
simple elements my name is ms tech and
i'll be your dungeon guide in this first
section you'll go through two sections
of trash dodge the aoes and watch out
for the bigger adds as they can hit
Mindaruga
pretty hard the first boss is mindaruga
manusya baya will deal high damage to
the tank and apply a poison debuff that
can be assumed the boss will leap to a
random position on the platform and
begin to cast minutia blizzard 3. this
will form a star pattern aoe attack and
players will need to dodge in between to
avoid manusia fire 3 is a large
room-wide donut attack players will have
to move close to the boss to avoid
getting hit minusia thunder 3 is a set
of smaller aoe circles that will form
underneath the boss and move out in a
cross pattern these will continue all
the way across the platform so watch
your step minutiae buyer 3 is a
room-wide frontal cleave players will
have to immediately run behind the boss
to avoid getting hit from this point on
the boss can begin to transmute any of
her spells a marker will appear on the
platform that will copy the boss's spell
once this orb moves from the boss to the
marker and players will need to react to
the transmuted spell from the marker
instead of the boss if you missed the
cast or are unsure what spell was
transmuted you can check the boss's
buffs the transmuted spells will
correlate to the type of elemental
alchemy the buff is the duration of the
buffs also gives you an indication of
how long you have before the transmuted
marker attack goes off while this is
happening the boss can also cast a
regular spell themselves and you'll need
to handle it appropriately at the same
time drupad will hit each player other
than the tank with targeted damage and
apply an elemental debuff that cannot be
dispelled healers be ready eventually
the boss will begin to transmute two
spells in a row and players will have to
react to the mechanics from two markers
plus whatever the boss is casting this
can get a little confusing and i
recommend moving relatively close to
each marker so you can quickly react to
each mechanic all of these mechanics
Sun Deruva
will repeat until the boss is down
there's a decent amount of trash before
the next boss and i recommend tanks
rotate their cooldowns very carefully
especially if you're doing wall poles
watch out for aoes and burn everything
down the second boss is sun deruva iset
facili will target the tank for high
damage cool down and heal as necessary
prop dcd will target all players in
succession with a line attack move away
to avoid getting hit minusia berserk
will form a number of berserker spheres
around the room the pattern of spheres
is random but there will always be one
safe area that all players should
quickly move into the boss will then
cast explosive force and the spheres
will explode afflicting anyone hit with
berserk where they will lose control of
their character run to the boss and
begin auto attacking for the duration of
the effect next the boss will cast
prakamya city a point-blank aoe attack
players will have to move away to avoid
getting hit any berserk players will not
be able to move away and will be hit by
this so healers keep an eye on them
periodically the boss will jump to the
center and cast manusa stop afflicting
all players with the stop debuff of
various durations as each player is
frozen in place the boss will cast
property city towards them making it
impossible to dodge healers will need to
be ready to shield beforehand or a heal
immediately after bonus points if you
get frozen in a cool pose minusia
confused will cause all friendly players
to look like the boss and more boss
clones will appear over the platform of
these clones only one will be the real
boss players will need to look for the
only ad that isn't dancing when they
first appear and move to the edge behind
it as it will soon cast explosive force
all the fake clones will turn into
berserker orbs and explode in large
circles these mechanics will repeat
Wall to Wall
until the boss is down the last section
of trash has some really heavy hitting
mobs so be super careful and utilize
your cooldowns effectively if you're
pulling wall to wall the last encounter
will have us fighting all three mega
sisters together however we begin with
cinderella alone samsara will deal group
wide damage healers be ready soon after
the other two sisters will join the
battle and things start to get wild
you'll want to focus down cindy as she
will rez any of her sisters that are
destroyed before her since it's not
really worth breaking down what each
sister does instead we'll look at what
happens during delta attack when they
all cast their respective spells
together basically it's a lot of aoe
dodging a proximity-based damage marker
will appear on the platform and players
will have to dodge the other aoe attacks
as they move away from the area to
reduce damage a tank buster will occur
while the rest of the group is targeted
for damage and elemental debuffs use
your cooldowns and heal as necessary be
sure to also dodge out of the line
attacks during the next delta attack
even more aoes will form that players
will need to dodge as you're dodging be
ready to stack with the player affected
by the stack up marker the single
attacks will repeat here until the next
delta attack this time players will need
to move into the room-wide donuts while
dodging the large line attacks then be
ready to spread apart the circle attacks
to avoid overlapping damage these
mechanics will repeat until you destroy
cinderuva delta attacks will no longer
occur here and it's just a matter of
handling familiar single mechanics until
all of the sisters are down if you have
any questions or comments please let me
know up next we'll head into the tower
of babel as always thanks for watching
till next time
